>>GEORGE NOORY: Well, welcome
to a special edition of "Beyond
Belief"-- special because this
individual is probably one
of the world's foremost
thinkers of life.
It's none other than our
dear friend David Wilcock.
David, welcome.
>>DAVID WILCOCK: Hey, George.
How are you, buddy?
>>NOORY: I always like
doing these shows with you.
>>WILCOCK: Well, you say that.
I don't know if I
trust you, though.
>>NOORY: Nah!
You don't trust me?
>>WILCOCK: Well, we're
kind of in competition,
because we both have competing
shows on the same network.
>>NOORY: Yeah, but we're
on the same network.
>>WILCOCK: That's true.
So it's all really
kind of a team effort.
>>NOORY: And I will
agree that you're
doing very well on this network,
and so that doesn't bother me.
At all.
>>WILCOCK: Cool.
I'm happy to be here.
You're one of the best--
probably the best interviewer
on the planet, in my opinion.
And I end up saying
things when you
talk to me that just wouldn't
happen any other way.
I think--
>>NOORY: We pull it
out of you, don't we?
>>WILCOCK: The legacy of
shows that you and I have
done on "Coast" are the best
radio shows I've ever done.
There's no question about that.
>>NOORY: We still get
people calling about this.
>>WILCOCK: Oh, yeah.
I mean--
>>NOORY: And it grows.
>>WILCOCK: It's an exciting
time to be on the planet.
And what you bring
is this presence
of such consistency over
so many years of holding
this legacy that really is
the crown jewel of the UFO
community, bringing all
those talents together, all
those people together.
And I don't know
how the heck you do
it, George, night after night.
Not only do you have this
show, but you're also
on the air working all the time.
>>NOORY: I have to do it, David.
We have to get the answer out.
And people have been for
years involved in this area
that we all love so dearly,
and that's disclosure.
That's to try to
get the word out.
And you've investigated
that with people
like Corey Goode
and your own work.
Where are we today
with disclosure?
Are we getting closer?
>>WILCOCK: There's a lot of
interesting things going on,
George.
You had the guy who was the
lead singer from Blink-182,
Tom DeLonge--
>>NOORY: Yep, Tom DeLonge.
>>WILCOCK: --on your show.
And it was actually
on your show that he
leaked some very
provocative stuff,
saying that he was in contact
with multiple insiders
from high levels of the
Pentagon and that they
were saying that they wanted to
move forward with disclosure.
And you were there
interviewing him.
Why don't you, since we can both
kind of co-host and co-talk,
tell me some of the things--
because this will help set up
what I'm going to say--
what were some of the things
that Tom DeLonge was
saying on your show?
>>NOORY: Well, he's
convinced-- and of course,
from one of the greatest rock
groups out there at that time--
he is convinced that the
people that have come to him
were real.
I think that's important.
That's a very
important barometer.
You have to be able to ascertain
whether these people are
trying to trick you or not.
And he thinks that
they were very
real, that we've been visited
since the beginning of time,
that we have craft, that we
have reversed technology.
But I think one of the
most telltale-y things that
he's been able to say is
that there seems to be some
unwritten agreement
between our government
and extraterrestrials for
some shared knowledge--
>>WILCOCK: That's true.
>>NOORY: And maybe
even shared people.
I'm convinced that the
abduction phenomenon is real.
We know about it,
and we can't stop it.
And to me, it's kidnapping.
>>WILCOCK: Yeah, I
would agree with you.
I think that, as when you
had Corey on your show
and we talked about
the interstellar,
intergalactic slave trade
that's going on here, that's
one of the most disturbing
aspects of disclosure
that we're going to have
to deal with as this
all starts to come out.
>>NOORY: It's not all
benevolent, is it?
>>WILCOCK: No.
And George, you and I are
essentially frontiersman.
We're out there in the
Wild West with our six-guns
at our side, where
there's no law and order.
We're trying to make sense
out of this whole thing.
We're in new territory.
>>NOORY: I'm Wyatt Earp,
you're Doc Holliday.
>>WILCOCK: I'm Doc Holliday.
This is going to happen, George.
It's going to break out.
The Tom DeLonge thing shocked
me because it reveals a trend
line in which the people that
are speaking the Tom DeLonge
are saying, we're ready to go.
We want you to help us get the
public acclimated to the truth.
>>NOORY: Is something
holding them back
from going and telling us?
>>WILCOCK: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Because I'm
waiting, and you're waiting.
>>WILCOCK: I think they're
terrified because--
and this is one
of the reasons why
I think they've put some
big chips on the table
behind Tom DeLonge's
position, if you
want to look at it as gambling.
They're gambling on him.
They've got a big pile of chips
in the poker game right there.
Why?
Because he's trying to
say, hey, look, everybody.
They didn't mean to
do anything wrong.
They kept this a
secret because they
were worried about the
collapse of society
if we learned it too quickly.
Some of the things
that were going on,
like abduction, are so
disturbing that people are not
going to want to
hear this truth.
They're not going
to want to have
the truth, because the
truth is very uncomfortable.
It's possible that
disclosure will
involve a mass trauma
in which many people who
have up until now had a
great deal of ignorance
about this issue are
suddenly discovering
that the entirety of their
experience as a human being
has been a lie.
And it's a nest of lies
within lies within lies.
It's just unbelievable.
>>NOORY: You have told
us on "Coast to Coast"
a couple years ago--
and you were convinced--
that President Barack
Obama was going
to be flanked by a
couple ETs and was going
to come forward and tell all.
It hasn't happened yet.
Why not?
>>WILCOCK: [SIGH]
That was the plan.
>>NOORY: And do you
still believe it?
>>WILCOCK: Well,
here's what happened.
That occurred in July 2009
while we were interviewing
an insider named Pete Peterson.
And he had contacts with
three different people who
were at the very bleedingly
highest level of mainstream
network news and
network television.
I'm not going to
say who they are
or what networks they were from.
>>NOORY: But real people.
>>WILCOCK: I could probably
get him killed if I do.
OK?
But we had a lot of off-camera
discussion about this.
Every major cable channel
had a specific period of time
that was booked out.
And I believe if I
remember correctly,
the date was November 27, 2009.
Supposedly there was going
to be an announcement that
involved five different
extraterrestrial groups, most
of which look like us-- look
human, or at least humanoid--
and there are
others that are not.
And they were apparently going
to step forward and reveal
themselves to
humanity with Obama.
The other thing that we
really haven't covered
that much-- I've mentioned it
a little bit-- was not only
were there five black ops
groups that closed in on this
once they found out about it
and made absolutely sure that it
was going to happen.
>>NOORY: So they did not
want this disclosure at all.
>>WILCOCK: No, no, no.
There's a lot of groups that
stand to lose tremendously
from this, because as soon
as we-- and I'll get back
to the other story, but we'll
go off onto this for a second.
As soon as we reveal that--
where's my antigravity machine?
Where's my land speeder?
>>NOORY: Where's my
free electricity?
>>WILCOCK: Where's
my free energy?
Where's my teleportation?
>>NOORY: Where's my
longevity in life?
>>WILCOCK: Yeah, because no
disease is actually necessary.
No disease needs to
be suffered by anyone.
The technology already exists.
We don't need to have a
Pacific garbage patch.
We could get rid of
all the stuff that's
causing problems for the Earth.
California could
become a business state
in which its largest
business that it exports
is water, because we
already have technology that
can desalinate
ocean water, create
free energy in the
process, and the byproduct
will generate any element on the
periodic table that you want.
>>NOORY: And you
just pipe it away.
>>WILCOCK: This was
discovered by MIT scientists.
And it is ready to go.
We could have a huge
water desalination
turbines that power the
entire American power grid
and export--
>>NOORY: No, makes sense.
It makes sense.
>>WILCOCK: So look,
why don't they
want us to know this stuff?
There are certain
groups whose goal is
what they call "depopulation."
>>NOORY: Depopulation,
control, and money.
I've always said,
David, follow the money,
and you'll get your answer.
>>WILCOCK: It actually
makes me pissed off.
I have a heart rate increase,
and my-- I feel this--
>>NOORY: Well, don't
get yourself sick.
>>WILCOCK: I just-- George--
>>NOORY: That would
make me, then,
the highest-rated show on
the Gaia television network,
though--
>>WILCOCK: If I
actually lose it, right?
On your show.
>>NOORY: --if you were gone.
Hmm.
>>WILCOCK: It's unconscionable
that guys like you
and me are considered fringe.
What could possibly be more
interesting than the stuff
that you and I
are talking about?
>>NOORY: And realistic.
>>WILCOCK: What's more relevant
to everybody's daily life
than this idea that there
are already beings here
who are so advanced that they
have been able to largely
conceal their
identities from us,
only leaving us a
trail of breadcrumbs
so that if you want
to find out, you can,
but if you don't want the
truth, you can conveniently
stay an ostrich.
>>NOORY: We don't see
cases like we used to.
You know, Lonnie Zamora,
the dead New Mexico police
officer-- now he's
passed on-- who
saw a craft and a
couple beings outside.
We used to get cases of
burned-out areas, indentations
where tripods would land.
Why don't we get that anymore?
>>WILCOCK: It's
important to understand,
George, that there
is a cosmic free will
principle that these
extraterrestrials have
to follow.
And we've heard this from
ancient religious texts.
We've heard this from
modern revealed teachings
like "The Law of One."
We've also had things happening
like beings contacting Corey
Goode directly, supposedly--
and I believe it's true--
and telling him this.
These ETs are
essentially either going
to fall into one of two
categories, primarily.
There are some that are
neutral, but not very many.
They're either
extremely benevolent,
and they would be the equivalent
of angels in the Bible,
or they are highly,
highly, highly evil.
>>NOORY: As David
Jacobs would say.
>>WILCOCK: Yes.
And the most evil
of them are the ones
who are essentially
looking like what
we would think the devil is.
You've got reptilian skin.
You've got vertical slit pupils.
They're very large.
They could be 12 feet tall.
They apparently in some cases
actually do eat human beings--
>>NOORY: Oh, great.
>>WILCOCK: --which is
not something we want.
And they are living off
of the fear of humanity.
>>NOORY: Could there
be a combination
of both the benevolent
and the evil?
>>WILCOCK: Well, what I'm saying
is we're being visited by both.
Both of them are
involved in our lives.
contacting people on Earth.
They have to start-- there's
certain laws in the universe
where they have to
begin telepathically,
but then they can transition
into an in-person contact.
So everybody, I would recommend,
if you haven't already
seen it, go watch the "Cosmic
Disclosure" episode where
we bring in William Tompkins--
>>NOORY: On the Gaia TV network.
>>WILCOCK: Yeah,
94-year-old guy who
was there in World War
II as a high ranking Navy
debriefer of 29
embedded spies who
were in the German secret
space program at the time.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>WILCOCK: And what
he revealed was
that telepathic contact
with Reptilian ETs
was established through
various German secret society
groups like the Thule
Society, the Vril Society.
And it led to an
in-person physical contact
in which these Reptilians,
or what they call the Draco,
actually formed an alliance with
the Nazis to conquer not just
the Earth but other worlds.
Now these beings--
these negative beings
actually require fear
as a food supply.
It's an energetic
nutrition that they get off
of causing as much war and pain
and chaos on Earth as possible.
>>NOORY: Well, they're
doing a good job doing it.
>>WILCOCK: This planet has
become an oasis for them.
They are essentially living
off of our collective disease
and our ignorance.
>>NOORY: Does this
knowledge that you
possess-- does it scare you?
You have to realize
this, George.
It's so important.
The negative can only
do what it is authorized
to do by our own free will.
Authorization is key.
>>NOORY: Those are the rules.
>>WILCOCK: Those are the rules.
So they have to tell
us what they're doing.
They have to hide
it out in the open.
One movie after
another after another.
If you haven't
already seen it, it
was really pumped up by the
media, this big, big film--
"Batman versus Superman."
>>NOORY: I haven't seen that.
>>WILCOCK: Nobody did,
because the people who did
were so disturbed, George.
The whole movie,
from the beginning,
blatantly, in-your-face--
they take the glove off
and they slap you
across the face.
Superman is Lucifer.
Superman is the fallen angel.
>>NOORY: Wow.
Why would they do that?
>>WILCOCK: Because
that's their religion.
Because--
>>NOORY: To destroy an icon--
>>WILCOCK: People don't
like the truth, OK?
It's uncomfortable.
It's unpleasant.
And so it's much easier to
attack guys like you and me.
That feels better.
That's how you can
suck your thumb
and get into a fetal
position at night
and-- "Oh, there's no
evil in the world!"
Come on.
>>NOORY: Heck, I
remember when I first
came into "Coast
to Coast," David,
after having nine years'
experience as a Navy officer,
people would accuse me of
being a disinformation officer.
>>WILCOCK: I know.
I know.
>>NOORY: And I laughed about it.
It's ridiculous.
But they really
thought that-- that I
was planted into the show
to create disinformation.
>>WILCOCK: Everybody
in our field
is accused of being on the
take or that we're only
doing this for money or
that we're only doing this
because we want to be famous.
But the money is not there.
The fame is not there.
We're doing good enough that we
can live in Los Angeles-- you
and I can live in Los Angeles.
But it's not like we're rich.
You're not pulling up
in a Rolls-Royce here.
>>NOORY: No.
>>WILCOCK: It's ridiculous,
the accusations we hear.
>>NOORY: Far from that.
>>WILCOCK: The
point is, George--
>>NOORY: However,
would you get my car
after this interview
is done, please?
>>WILCOCK: I'll let
the butler do that.
[LAUGHTER]
I can't stop people from
being terrified of the truth.
I can't stop that.
But what I can do is I can
inform you about the truth
so that it's less scary once
you get the big picture.
So yes, let's get
right down to it,
which is that there is a
very powerful super-entity
of corporations
that are controlled
by a central group
that is ultimately
a Luciferian religious cult.
>>NOORY: We all
know their names.
We don't mention them
for fear of lawsuits
because it's difficult to prove.
But they're out there.
They're the very
rich and famous.
>>WILCOCK: They honestly
believe that Lucifer is
the misunderstood,
benevolent hero--
that that's actually God-- and
that the god that cast Lucifer
out of heaven is the bad guy--
>>NOORY: Is the bad guy.
>>WILCOCK: --because
Lucifer pointed the whistle,
blew the finger-- I can't
even talk right now.
>>NOORY: They're
Satanic, aren't they?
[LAUGHTER]
You're laughing.
>>WILCOCK: Because I meant
to say "blow the whistle,
point the finger," but
I got a spoonerism,
like when you say
"shake a tower"
instead of "take a shower."
My mind is off in other
dimensions, George.
I'm multiplexed out throughout--
>>NOORY: Well, you're under
a lot of stress and pressure.
>>WILCOCK: This
stuff does upset me.
It's upsetting to talk about
this, because they're real.
They're as serious
as a heart attack.
And if it wasn't for
these universal laws,
they would have taken me out.
>>NOORY: I think
they would have.
>>WILCOCK: They've tried
and tried and tried.
I have been given death threats
directly from the Rothschilds
three different times.
They have actually had somebody
that they could talk to--
>>NOORY: Straw parties?
>>WILCOCK: --where it's from
them through this person to me.
Three times, direct death
threats from the Rothschilds--
shut up or we're
going to take you out.
And I'm still doing it.
>>NOORY: You're still doing it.
>>WILCOCK: Because what
they really try to do
is they try to lure you in
with a honey trap that gets you
to authorize your own death.
That's how it works.
>>NOORY: But you need
to be careful, and let
me tell you why.
We are being plagued with
naturopathic doctors being
murdered.
>>WILCOCK: I know.
>>NOORY: It's happening
all around the country--
>>WILCOCK: I know.
>>NOORY: --all around
the planet these days.
We have had biochemists killed.
Stephen Quayle and I have
talked about that for years.
They're getting to
these people who
are those that would
be able to fight back
with their knowledge of
alternative medicine and things
like that.
And we've been having
these things happen,
David, since the beginning
of time-- strange deaths
occurring around some
people who wanted
to go public about some things
in the presidential campaigns.
>>WILCOCK: Sure.
>>NOORY: They've died.
A person who they claim
committed suicide obviously
they said got killed on his left
side, but he's right-handed.
So-- I mean, who does that?
>>WILCOCK: And nobody took his
wallet or his keys or anything.
>>NOORY: Yeah, nothing.
Nothing.
>>WILCOCK: Just leave him there.
>>NOORY: And they
claimed it was a robbery.
They robbed him of nothing.
So in your case, you
need to be careful.
>>WILCOCK: It's not
going to stop me.
>>NOORY: You can't.
>>WILCOCK: I'm going to
quote Abraham Lincoln.
>>NOORY: You can't let them win.
>>WILCOCK: I think I did
this on your show before,
but it's worth saying it again.
"I'd rather die once at
the hand of an assassin
than die every day in
fear of assassination."
>>NOORY: If you could get one
thing disclosed right now,
beyond a shadow of
a doubt, what topic,
what specific area
would that be?
>>WILCOCK: Well, let
me give a thoughtful
instead of a sarcastic answer,
because we could joke around
all day.
>>NOORY: We've known
each other too much.
>>WILCOCK: I would
want-- yeah, I know.
I know.
We've had parties at
some of these things,
and wild things
have taken place.
>>NOORY: Well, I left before
the wild things took place.
>>WILCOCK: Well, but you had
a few drinks in you, though.
And if you hadn't left,
it could have gotten bad.
We had some very interesting
and amazing women showing up.
And let's just leave it there.
[LAUGHTER]
>>NOORY: So you can reveal
one thing-- not about this,
but you reveal one
thing that you've
been working on all your life.
What would it be, if you
could get that answer?
>>WILCOCK: Honestly,
I would want the world
to know about ascension.
I would want the world to know
that we are very, very close.
And all the people on
the inside know this.
This is the key of disclosure.
We are very close to some
sort of energetic shift
that the Sun is going to do.
Our new insider William
Tompkins knows all about it.
Pete Peterson
knows all about it.
Every insider at
the highest levels--
>>NOORY: Are they concerned?
>>WILCOCK: It depends
on who you're talking to
and where they are.
But what everybody
agrees on is that this is
a massive consciousness shift.
And therefore, if you look
at the amount of validation
that we see in the major
world religions, including
the Islamic Bible,
the Quran, the Bible,
obviously-- it's all
over the place in there.
>>NOORY: The Torah.
>>WILCOCK: The Jewish Bible,
the Torah, you betcha.
It's in Buddhism, it's in
Hinduism, it's everywhere.
And yet how can we be
so ignorant about this?
If there is some
sort of natural event
that's going to take place that
takes our certainty of being
a spiritual being and makes
it absolutely certain,
where there's no
veil left, where
we are wide open to reality and
our greater spiritual identity,
I would want more people
to know about that
so they can prepare for it.
>>NOORY: Of course.
>>WILCOCK: Because
these religious texts
were intended to give you
thousands of years of lead time
to prepare for it.
And what we're hearing is that
our own military-industrial
complex has very powerful
ships now that can
defeat the Reptilians, 100%.
And they're already doing that.
>>NOORY: We've created that.
>>WILCOCK: We've
created that here.
And this is from
several insiders now,
the highest level stuff
that I can give you.
The Draco, the Reptilians, have
created these technologies,
including these
gigantic tankers.
We're talking 2 and
1/2 mile long ships
hovering in low Earth orbit,
cloaked so you can't see them.
But if you could,
they'd be right there,
and they'd be gigantic--
covering the sky.
>>NOORY: What's in them?
>>WILCOCK: Mind
control technology
that is preventing us from
having this spiritual shift
already.
Our government, our military--
it's not really the government,
OK, but our
military-industrial complex--
>>NOORY: The Cabal.
Let's call it the Cabal.
>>WILCOCK: The Cabal, or--
well, they're not all bad.
Some of these guys, they
now have the ability
to shoot those tankers down.
The problem they're
having, George, is
that it's not like a fader dial
where you can kind of fade out
the mind control.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WILCOCK: It's
either on or it's off.
And they know this.
So they haven't shot the tankers
down yet, because when they do,
everybody goes into
a psychedelic trip.
>>NOORY: Will they?
>>WILCOCK: It's unavoidable.
There have already been multiple
experiments-- I've heard this
from several insiders--
that have been done in which
they take ordinary folks and
they put them into a room
and they zap them
with the energy
that our Sun is
going to give off
when we go through this change.
And the spiritual people
become very blissed out.
They start to get
really telepathic.
They can move things
with their mind.
>>NOORY: But the others?
>>WILCOCK: People
that are negative,
materialistic, selfish,
fearful-- you start
to create whatever you think.
So you're manifesting your
own reality in real time.
And if you go into a panic,
if you go into paranoia,
you're going to start having
terrifying hallucinations.
You're going to
actually see things.
And the more that you
fear them, the more
they're going to appear.
So our government-- I'll say
that-- our government knows
that this is going to happen if
they take these tankers down.
And they're very, very
concerned about it,
because people will freak out.
>>NOORY: It's like
Independence Day.
>>WILCOCK: Yeah, very much so.
But on the other
hand, you're going
to have all these
people that are
having positive experiences.
And this is human evolution.
It's inevitable.
So if they could
tell us the truth,
and if they could say to
us, OK, this ascension thing
is going to happen, there
is a consciousness shift
that's going to
happen, we are going
to take down a control
system that has stopped you
from having this
consciousness shift,
and we're going to let you
know that we're going to do it,
and everybody has like a week
to prepare, let's say, right?
And people are going
to be freaking out.
But the point is, get ready,
because once we do this,
you're going to have
some new experiences,
some new consciousness,
some new abilities.
But we don't want to
just do it all at once.
We want to tell
you that it's going
to happen so that you
can be in position
and understand what's going
to happen to you as this takes
place.
It is going to be bizarre.
But once you've
acclimated to it,
you're going to have
wonderful new abilities.
You're going to be more psychic.
That's really what they
should be telling us.
In my view, that's
the number one thing.
>>NOORY: Are you talking
like the Book of Revelation?
Because it sounds
very similar to that.
>>WILCOCK: Nobody knows, George,
exactly what this thing is
or how this thing
is going to happen.
And anybody who says
that they do is lying.
And that would include me.
I am only presenting
models, hypotheses,
theoretical scenarios
of what may take place.
But one of the things
that we absolutely
know from the insiders is
that these Reptilian folks
have held us back from what
would already naturally
have been happening over the
course of thousands of years
that would make us able to have
telekinesis, that would make
things like the Force
that we see in "Star Wars"
an everyday reality.
>>NOORY: They don't
want us to have that.
>>WILCOCK: They are
terrified, because if even one
person starts to really develop
these so-called Jedi abilities,
it's over for them.
>>NOORY: It's over for them.
David Icke has long said
that there are Reptilians
in government right now.
He names a certain few
people and families.
And he's convinced
that that's going on.
Are you?
>>WILCOCK: I actually had
a feud with David Icke
many years ago-- this was
the late 1990s-- where
we kind of had a public debate.
It wasn't really that
we went head to head
on camera or on a radio show.
But what he ultimately did
was he adapted my position.
And unfortunately a lot of
people don't realize that.
The Reptilian influence that
some seers and psychics have
seen is a telepathic
overlay where
they're looking
at a person's face
and they see-- psychically,
they see a reptilian face
on that face.
This does not mean that they
are physically shapeshifting.
So this is where David
Icke's early platform
from the mid-90s on into
some of the late 1990s
has now become its own thing.
It's a meme.
I don't believe in shapeshifting
biological life forms.
It doesn't work that way.
Biological life is a constant
throughout the universe.
Whatever your DNA is, whatever
your biological structure is,
that's what you've got.
>>NOORY: That's what
it's going to be.
Yeah.
>>WILCOCK: So it's misleading to
think that people in government
would actually transform
into other types of life.
It doesn't happen.
But what does happen is
that-- and this is now many,
many people--
>>NOORY: Is there a lineage?
>>WILCOCK: There are many, many
Reptilians in our solar system.
There's probably
as many of them--
according to some insiders,
there's as many of them
as there are people on Earth.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>WILCOCK: It's a
massive population.
So what does that mean?
That means that, according to
the laws of the universe, when
someone starts to go in a
negative direction, when they
start to have negative thoughts,
when they start to behave
in a way that is
self-serving, it's
universal law that a Reptilian
or other similar type
of negative being can
step in and actually
start to nudge you
like a puppet master
and get you to
say certain things
or get you to do certain
things or strengthen you
in one direction.
>>NOORY: Do they
control politicians?
>>WILCOCK: It absolutely
appears that they do.
As weird as that sounds--
>>NOORY: Just what we need.
>>WILCOCK: There's a learning
curve on all this stuff.
And it's just like trying to
learn Adobe software, right?
Nobody likes to
learn Adobe software.
It's crazy.
You go through these tutorials,
whether it's Photoshop
or whatever the software is.
There's a learning
curve on reality.
And we have to just
start people on that path
so that this doesn't
all hit them at once.
>>NOORY: Are you finding,
David, that people nowadays
are more open to learning
about these things?
>>WILCOCK: We got four
generations of disclosure.
We have four generations
now of deliberately
planted, government-sponsored
disclosure
to get us ready for the truth.
So yes, we are far more
ready than we were before.
And when the truth
hits, it is not
going to be anywhere
near as jarring
as it would have been,
say, in the 1940s.
>>NOORY: I was going to say,
are we ready for the truth?
Can we "handle the truth"?
>>WILCOCK: It's still going to
be a very difficult adjustment.
And shows like what you
and I are doing right now--
this kind of material that
we're doing right now,
this is going to be the stuff
that everybody goes back to,
just like once Snowden
spoke, all the people
that had been saying
what he said before, now
they become a lot
more interesting.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WILCOCK: So yes, people
will be able to go back--
>>NOORY: And credible.
>>WILCOCK: People will be
able to go back and see, yes,
that was credible,
like you just said.
Yes, they were
talking about this.
I didn't pay attention.
But it was there.
>>NOORY: Right under our noses.
>>WILCOCK: And
then the people who
have been paying attention, the
people watching this program,
hearing from all of these
amazing guests and insiders
that you bring onto this show--
that's part of why we're here.
I voted to call Gaia "The
Disclosure Network," OK?
Because we're doing disclosure.
It's happening week after week.
We're on the front lines,
bringing out the people--
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>WILCOCK: --who are
giving us the truth.
And that's how this
war is going to be won.
It's going to be won
by the people who
watch this show and
other shows like this
and who are educated on the
truth being able to intervene
so that literally they can get
somebody out of bed who doesn't
want to get out of bed because
they're so overwhelmed by what
they've heard, to get
them to take a shower,
to get dressed,
to eat something,
to go to the bathroom,
to do simple things,
because the truth is going
to hurt real bad when
it comes out.
>>NOORY: What's
amazing, though, is
we've been able to continue
to get whistleblowers
and people to come public with
these kinds of information?
>>WILCOCK: I know.
I know.
And they're out there.
And they are increasingly
disgruntled by the lies
that they see going on.
They know the truth.
They've worked in the truth.
And it's awe-inspiring that
such incredible amounts
of information can
be kept from us.
That violates people's sense of
basic intellectual stability.
They don't feel stable
when they realize
how much they've been lied to.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WILCOCK: It actually has
this very traumatizing effect
to realize the scope of the
lie, because it goes back
to a quote from Hitler where
he says, we tell little lies,
and we let people figure it out,
because they can believe that.
But what we also do
is we tell a lie that
is so big that nobody
could believe it,
because they could
not live their lives--
>>NOORY: And that's
what's happened.
>>WILCOCK: --in
that much of a lie.
Yes.
These people can handle
telling that big of a lie.
They actually can go to bed
at night, kiss their kids,
and then get them
up in the morning
and get them ready for school.
They can live that
family domestic life
knowing that they are
part of a group that
wants to kill billions
of people and that
is hiding technology from
us that could literally save
the planet and everyone on it.
>>NOORY: David,
through our radio show
and through our Gaia
shows, we are dealing
with millions of people.
>>WILCOCK: That's
absolutely true.
>>NOORY: Millions of people.
What one major
thing would you like
them to take away from anything
they've heard us talk about
over the years?
>>WILCOCK: We are in
a spiritual reality.
The world is a cosmic classroom.
And its purpose is to teach
us to love one another.
If you can absorb
that basic lesson
and begin applying it to
every aspect of your life,
you are now authorizing
the positive aspect
of this spiritual
drama that we're
talking about to work for you.
That includes very real,
very powerful, benevolent
extraterrestrial or
angelic beings that
will start to give
you synchronicity,
that will start to create
financial abundance,
spontaneous prosperity, that
will start to find you the love
that you want, the people
that you need in your life
to be happier.
If you create that seed--
you plant the seed,
and the universe
will flower it out
into a much greater gift, a
bounty of joy and happiness
and peace.
But the trick is, you don't
get to control people.
You don't get to
be manipulative.
We are in a glass ceiling.
Everything that we do can
be seen by the bad guys
and the good guys.
The bad guys love it, because
if you think that hovering over
your computer and that you're
off on some little corner
of the internet-- well, not
only can the NSA watch what
you're doing on your
computer as you're doing it,
and they know
everywhere you've been,
so you can't go to
some dark site--
>>NOORY: You can't hide.
You can't hide.
>>WILCOCK: Yeah.
The internet is
one mirror of that,
and the loss of privacy of the
NSA with cameras in your phones
and everything.
But there's a deeper level, too.
And that deeper level is
that the spiritual community
sees everything in your mind.
Every thought that
you have, they know.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WILCOCK: So then it
becomes very clear.
Why wouldn't you want
to be a loving person?
Is it so hard to be kind?
Is it so hard to want
to help people out,
to try to have loving
thoughts about them even
when they're acting
in a way that's
very manipulative and negative?
So when somebody
does that stuff,
when somebody is acting
negatively towards you,
the key is not to return
it with negativity
but to have healthy
boundaries, to say no,
to not allow yourself
to be walked on,
but to do it with a respectful,
loving consciousness.
>>NOORY: Sounds like Gandhi.
>>WILCOCK: Gandhi was
able to overthrow--
>>NOORY: Pretty darn close.
>>WILCOCK: --the British
empire out of one
of the largest
countries in the world.
There's over a billion
people in India now.
And if it hadn't have
been for what he did,
the Cabal would
totally dominate India.
>>NOORY: And they got
him, though, eventually.
>>WILCOCK: Well, they did.
But India is now one of the key
countries in this alliance that
is bringing the Cabal down.
And the Cabal does not control
the Indian government at all.
>>NOORY: Does David
Wilcock believe in God?
>>WILCOCK: Well,
that question has
all kinds of
overtones which-- we
have to get specific now, OK?
I believe in God in
so far as I believe
in a universal
intelligence that created
the universe, that is the
cosmic consciousness that we
all share.
>>NOORY: Right.
Right.
>>WILCOCK: If somebody were to
ask me, do you believe in God,
and they're coming out me as
a fundamentalist Christian,
then my answer to
that question implies
that I have a tacit agreement
with all of their dogma.
I do not believe that there
is only one son of God.
I do not believe
that salvation only
occurs through one
particular religion.
But I do believe
that there is a god.
And I do believe that
religions are excellent tools
to help people become
more spiritually evolved
if you can use that tool
without denouncing others.
Can you have a
particular faith-- can
you have a faith in Christ or
a faith in Buddha, whatever,
without saying
that everybody who
doesn't believe the way
that you do is condemned?
>>NOORY: You remember
the movie "Contact"--
>>WILCOCK: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: --where Jodie
was with the ET who
looked like her father.
Did that so she wouldn't
panic and freak.
But they were all looking,
he said, for the same thing.
We were all looking--
in the universe--
for that god-like figure.
And that's their
quest, that they're
continuing to look
for life out here,
but they wanted to find God.
And I think every
extraterrestrial being
is probably asking
themselves the same question.
How did we get here?
What are we doing here?
And they don't have
those answers yet.
Will we ever get those answers?
>>WILCOCK: I think some of
those answers are accessible.
It does appear that benevolent
ETs at a high enough level
are able to access the
consciousness of the Earth,
the consciousness of the Sun,
the consciousness of the galaxy
as if they were dialing
into an internet.
They know what the
agenda is to some degree.
We also hear from
extraterrestrials
and the most credible sources
that the ultimate nature
of the universe is what they
call intelligent infinity
and that it's
unfathomable to us.
There is mystery implicit in
the design of the universe.
So we may be aware that
we are all ultimately one,
that we're from one
singularity of consciousness,
and that singularity
gave rise to space
and time and the
observable universe,
but that it's not really
there, it's all an illusion,
and the only thing that really
exists is the awareness.
You can know that.
But apparently to
become that awareness
is to hit what the Tibetans call
"rainbow body," at which point
your physical body dissolves.
You've solved the mystery.
And you return back to
that cosmic consciousness.
So unless you've actually
ascended that far
and hit the full rainbow
body, which is not
what these ETs have done,
then you're still confused,
and you're still living in
the mystery, in the illusion.
>>NOORY: Are we being visited
by ETs from other universes?
>>WILCOCK: It does appear
that the answer is yes.
It does appear that
some of the negative ETs
are being controlled
by an AI and
that the artificial
intelligence or AI does
have an existence
in what you could
think of as a separate universe
or a parallel universe.
It does appear that
there are certainly
multidimensional
levels of reality,
that there could be a
partition of reality in which
the atomic vibrational state,
for lack of a better term,
is out of phase
with us, so there
could be beings right here
on our set that are actually
standing right here watching us.
We're not going to
be able to see them.
We might notice something.
Some sense it as--
>>NOORY: Saying, oh, no,
Wilcock said that again?
>>WILCOCK: I'm
trying to be good.
They've asked me to not be
so crude in some of things
that I used to say.
I'd make dick jokes on stage.
I've tried to veer
away from that.
But apparently I'm
not that successful.
So I just did it again.
They are around.
We are definitely being visited.
And those parallel universes,
those parallel dimensions--
they're right here.
They're interpenetrated with
our own reality completely.
>>NOORY: Will we get the
answers that we all seek?
>>WILCOCK: I wouldn't
be doing this
if I thought we were going to
stay ignorant for another 100
years.
I believe that-- and I get
dreams about this all the time.
I had another one this
morning, very intense.
The things that you and
I are talking about,
the things that
we are doing, this
is going to become
the mainstream.
People are going to be a
lot more interested in that
than they are in celebrities
who are getting drunk and having
sex and stumbling
around at the Oscars.
It's going to be a very
different type of reality,
because all of a sudden, the
people who have been risking
their lives to bring
forward the truth
will be seen and lauded on
a public level as the heroes
that they truly are.
>>NOORY: I believe that.
David, thanks for
doing what you do.
>>WILCOCK: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: --and paying
this little visit to us.
I appreciate it.
>>WILCOCK: It was good
to stop by here today.
And I'm glad you got things
a little cleaned up for me.
It was--
>>NOORY: Uh-huh.
They work quickly here.
>>WILCOCK: Well, it looks
good on this show, at least.
>>NOORY: Until next time.
>>WILCOCK: Thanks, buddy.
>>NOORY: That's why I call him
one of the world's greatest
thinkers.
You just heard him.
I'm George Noory, and
this is "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]